feat: Add Transaction/Span Development Docs (#25)
getsentry/develop: src/docs/sdk/event-payloads/properties/span_start_timestamp.mdx

`start_timestamp`:

: _Required_. A timestamp representing when the measuring started. The
  format is either a string as defined in [RFC
  3339](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3339) or a numeric (integer or float)
  value representing the number of seconds that have elapsed since the [Unix

>   epoch](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unix_time). Important to note is that the `start_timestamp`
>   must be before the `timestamp` otherwise we will discard the Span as invalid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  epoch](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unix_time). The `start_timestamp` value must be greater or
  equal the `timestamp` value, otherwise the Span is discarded as invalid.
```

It is valid to have start == end.

  ```json
  {

>     "start_timestamp": "2011-05-02T17:41:36Z"

Reviewer: Some changes got lost when renaming the file...

```suggestion
    "start_timestamp": "2011-05-02T17:41:36.242Z"
```

  }
  ```

or: 

  ```json
  {

>     "start_timestamp": 1304358096.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "start_timestamp": 1304358096.242
```
